---
layout: default
title: Maquette 019
subtitle: Interior design
tags:
  - Interior Design
imagegallery:
  showgallery: true
  carouselgrid: grid
  galleryImages:
    - /img/019_2.jpg
    - /img/019_3.jpg
    - /img/019_4.jpg
    - /img/019_5.jpg
    - /img/019_1.jpg
    - /img/019_6.jpg
thumbnail: /img/pexels-steve-29612111.jpg
date: 2024-11-28T14:26:02.911Z
numbernavigation: 1
layoutpage: layout3
description: ""
promoted: "0"
---
*During my time as an interior design student, I discovered the importance of combining technical skills with creative inspiration to bring design concepts to life. One of the most rewarding projects I completed during the Interior Design program involved reconstructing a building in scale, with a focus on precision and aesthetics. This process not only helped me refine my technical abilities but also allowed me to express my personal design vision.*

\
For the Design course, I took on the challenge of recreating Building 019, a former industrial site in Dok Noord, Ghent. Using wood and laser-cutting techniques, I carefully crafted a scaled model of the building, ensuring a detailed and accurate representation. I drew inspiration from the organic forms of renowned artist Richard Serra to design an interior that balanced the building’s industrial character with sculptural, flowing spaces. This project provided an excellent opportunity to explore the relationship between functionality and form while pushing the boundaries of my creativity.

\
The result of this project was a model that reflected both my technical expertise and my ability to interpret and reimagine spatial dynamics. By blending industrial architecture with organic artistry, I created a piece that showcased the versatility and creativity of interior design. This project was not only a technical challenge but also an opportunity to express my unique perspective as a designer, highlighting my passion for creating meaningful and inspiring spaces.